revamp top categories (#2571)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/archived/readme.md

# Archived Pages

> This directory contains pages that we are not building into our docs site but that we want to keep around for potential resurrection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains pages we are not including in our documentation site but want to retain for potential future use.
```
